Add documentation for create-exe syntax (#3536)
wasmerio/wasmer: docs/dev/create-exe.md

# wasmer create-exe

## Motivation and Goal

The goal of create-exe is to create easily runnable executables on every
operating system. 

In order to speed up the compilation process, the compilation and the create-exe
steps are split into three separate functions: `create-obj`, `create-exe` and `gen-c-header`.

By default, running `create-exe` is relatively simple:

```sh
wasmer create-exe myfile.wasm -o myfile.exe
./myfile.exe
```

> When running `create-exe` on a PiritaFile that contains more than one .wasm file, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running `create-exe` on a wapm package that contains more than one .wasm file, 
```

the resulting executable requires a `--command` or `-c` flag to select which module to start:

```sh 
wasmer create-exe wabt@0.1.0.wasmer -o wabt.exe
./wabt.exe
No --command given, available commands are:

    wabt
    wasm-interp
    wasm-strip
    wasm-validate
    wasm2wat
    wast2json
    wat2wasm

./wabt.exe -c wasm2wat --version
1.0.37 (git~v1.0.37)
```

## create-obj

Some compilers have different advantages over other compilers, for example, the `-llvm`
compiler emits the best code, but is the slowest to compile, the `-singlepass` compiler
emits slow code, but is very fast to compile.

In order to cache compiled object and re-use them for recompilation, `wasmer create-obj`
exists to cache the output of the `wasm -> obj` compilation

```sh
# Requires wasmer >= 3.2.0-alpha.1

> wasmer create-obj myfile.wasm-llvm -o myfile.o

Reviewer 2: A space is missing here before `-llvm`

# Run create-exe with the cached object file
wasmer create-exe myfile.wasm --precompiled-atom=myfile:myfile.o -o myfile.exe
```

The atom name specified in the `--precompiled-atom` flag is the `.wasm` filename

> without the extension or the atom name in a multi-atom PiritaFile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
without the extension or the module name in a multi-webassembly wapm package.
```
